Here we include 2 header files namely 'string.h' and 'stdlib.h' to wrk on strlen() and strdup(). We take the 2 strings the binary numbers as argumnets and we return another charachter string as output. We assign the datatype as Integer to lenA,lenB,maxLen and assign the length of String a and length of String b to lenA and lenB respectively. We then check the string with the maximum length using the ternary opertaor '?:'. We then dynamicaaly allocate the memory for the resulting string with a space of (maxLen+2), this is because the resulting string could have length greater than the string with the maximum length. We then assign the rightmost index of resulting string as '\0'. we assign carry the value zero and index is assigned the maxLen value.

Now we use a while loop which runs if either of the following conditions are satisfied: a)lenA greater than 0  b)lenB greater than 0 c)carry greater than 0. Inside thw while loop sum is assigned the value of carry. Incase lenA greater than zero, we convert the charachter a[lenA-1] to integer and add it to sum. Then we decrement the value of lenA. Similar pattern is followed with String b also. We then assign values to the result string from the rightmost sides. While assigning value the integer is converted back to charchter. Now the value of carry changes to sum/2. If sum is 2 or 3 carry willl have the value of 1 and if sum has value 0 or 1 carry will remain to be 0. Then we decrement the index. In the end we return the duplicate of string with start index as 'index+1'. This is so we avoid the zeroes in the original string result. Thus we add 2 binary numbers.